Feature/performance issues updates (#5633)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/data-management-settings/event-grouping/index.mdx

Grouping falls back to messages if the stack trace, `type`, and `value` are not available. When this happens, the grouping algorithm will try to use the message without any parameters. If that is not available, the grouping algorithm will use the full message attribute.

## Transaction Grouping Algorithms

> Sentry groups transactions with performance problems into [performance issues](/product/issues/issue-details/performance-issues/) using the transaction's `spans`. Sentry fingerprints by the span evidence related to the performance problem found in the event. This includes the spans directly involved in the problem, as well as spans that might have caused the problem or are closely related to it. This algorithm isn't currently customizable or extendable.

Author: ```suggestion
Sentry groups transactions with performance problems into [performance issues](/product/issues/issue-details/performance-issues/) using the transaction's `spans`. We fingerprint by the span evidence related to the performance problem found in the event. This includes the spans directly involved in the problem, as well as spans that might have caused the problem or are closely related to it. This algorithm isn't currently customizable or extendable.
```
